Test Report

PROMET CT & VT Calibration Tester

General Settings

Item					Description

Recorded by				Editable 
Supply Authority			Editable 
Substation				Editable 
Feeder					Editable 
File Name				Not editable, display saved filename



VT Settings panel

VT Tab panel				Selectable
Make					Select choice & edit
Type					Select choice & edit
Class					Select choice & edit
Phase					Select  choice
Description				Editable 
Serial no.				Editable 
IL					Editable 
Ratio					Editable 
VA Rating				Editable 



CT Settings panel

CT Tab panel				Selectable
Make					Select choice & edit
Type					Select choice & edit
Class					Select choice & edit
Application				Select choice & edit
RED serial no.				Editable 
WHT serial no.				Editable
BLU serial no.				Editable 
Ratio					Editable 
VA Rating				Editable 


Comments:







Magnetisation Curve Test 

Start Magcurve Test			Activate the Magnetisation curve test, receive data via the com port.
Stop the Magcurve Test 			Stop the Magcurve test, application return to a neutral state.
Beep at kneepoint and end of test	Application beep when kneepoint reached, reduce the injected current until second beep that indicates end of test.
Draw maincurve				The magnetisation curve of tested CT drawn at end of test in the CT Magnetisation Curve canvas.
Draw the up curve			Selected in OptionsDialog, up curve drawn in green at end of test. Only drawn in the CT Magnetisation Curve canvas.
Draw curve real time			Selected in OptionsDialog. Only drawn in the CT Magnetisation Curve canvas.
Sizing real time curve			Selected in OptionsDialog. Set as a percentage value of maximum display area. If curve too small set higher, if curve cut-off, set lower.
Main Kneepoint				Magcurve Results Panel. Voltage and current reading of kneepoint for the tested CT.
Assign to phase				Assign the tested curve to one of 3 phases. Results displayed for the selected phase.
Draw 3-phase curves			Redraw the maincurve as the selected phase curve in the 3 Phase CT Magnetisation canvas.
Print kneepoint results in report	Print kneepoints for the 3 phases in the report.
Print point table in report		Print a point table for the 3 phases in the report.
Save a magcurve data file		Save the magnetisation curve data to a text file.
Import magcurve data into spreadsheet	Import the generated data file into a spreadsheet (e.g. Excel).
Select magcurve input channels		Select the voltage and current input channels for the magnetisation curve test.
Set a voltage multiplication factor	Specify a voltage multiplication factor.
Set voltage threshold			Set a maximum voltage threshold at which to abort the magcurve test.
Set current threshold			Set a maximum current threshold at which to abort the magcurve test.


Comments:








Voltage Ratio Test 

Start Voltage ratio test		Activate voltage ratio test. Receive data via the com port.
Stop Voltage ratio test			Stop the voltage ratio test on activation of the stop test button, application return to a neutral state
Test complete				Test finishes when the set threshold is reached.
Set the voltage threshold		Set the Voltage Ratio end of test threshold.
Polarity				Polarity indicated as OK i.e. in phase, or out of phase, NO.
Assign to a phase			Assign the result to one of the phases. Result displayed in the results panel.
Voltage Ratio Results fields correct	The specified ratio for VT, % error calculated, measured ratio, polarity
Report					Voltage Ratio results printed in the report.


Comments:








Current Ratio Test 

Start Current ratio test		Activate current ratio test. Receive data via the com port.
Stop Current ratio test			Stop the current ratio test on activation of the stop test button, application return to a neutral state
Test complete				Test finishes when the set threshold is reached.
Set the current threshold		Set the Current Ratio end of test threshold.
Polarity				Polarity indicated as OK i.e. in phase, or out of phase, NO.
Assign to a phase			Assign the result to one of the phases. Result displayed in the results panel.
Current Ratio Results fields correct	The specified ratio for CT, % error calculated, measured ratio, polarity
Report					Current Ratio Results printed in the report.


Comments:








Miscellaneous

Next Test functional			Clear the results and curves, maintain the entered settings.
Save Test As 				Save the recorded test to file in the directory tree.
Save Test				Short cut save to file without dialog if the test has already been saved once.
Import test from file			Import the recorded test from file.
COM port selection 			Select the COM port for serial communication.
Time Out				Specify time out threshold for serial comms. 
Help operational			Help menu item linked to relevant help HTML files.
All enabled menu items selectable	Menu items not greyed out are enabled.
All short cut keys operational		Menu item key strokes. 
Exit					Exit application without saving information.


Comments:







Error conditions:







Recorded by:				Signature:



Date:					Version no.:


